Add Marco's talk from EmberFest 2023 (#2153)
mainmatter/mainmatter.com: src/appearances/2023-09-21-securing-the-investment.md

---
title: "Securing technology investments and open source funding"
image: "/assets/images/talks/2023-09-21-emberfest-2023/securing-the-investment.jpg"
url: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QMUm6UOoNRs&t=1888s
media: video
channel: emberfest-2023
---

> Marco Otte-Witte covered the reasons to invest in open-source projects, the
> risks if failing to invest, and the ways that companies can invest at EmberFest
> 2023 in Madrid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Marco Otte-Witte talked about investing into open source projects that companies depend on, the
risks of failing to invest, and the Embroider initiative that Mainmatter is running with a group of sponsors to ship Embroider, Ember's new build system, at EmberFest
2023 in Madrid.
```
